1. Provide a link to the first page of your website: http://e20.samjanvey.com/e20/Assignment2/index.html

My site looks the way I want on (choose one): PC

With this browser (choose one): Chrome 


FLOATS & POSITIONING (50% of grade)
Provide URL(s) and starting line number(s) for HTML and CSS for each item.

2. My standard navigation bar linking pages together (list one HTML page where this starts plus corresponding CSS line number(s)): index.html, Line 51-93 style.css

3. Two floats and clears: 3 floats in the nav (index.html lines 16-30) with a clear on line 16 and also in the footer line 61

4. One positioning (absolute, relative, fixed): style.css line 55

5. Correct use of CSS3 columns OR styling with inline block (specify which): style.css line 82




FORM (25% of grade)
Provide URL(s) and starting line number(s) for HTML and CSS for each item.

6. Indicate the URL and HTML line number where the form starts. We will look for 4 fields of information and a submit button. opportunities.html and contactus.html

7. List 4 form input types included in your form, with line number in HTML.  opportunities.html
	--type="email" line 41
	--type="tel" line 42
	--type="file" line 48
	--type="date" line 49

8. We will evaluate appropriateness of the input field type chosen for the type of data collected. (Nothing to submit here.)


ACCESSIBILITY (25% of grade) 
List the URL and starting HTML line number for each item. If you feel it’s helpful, explain what you did to meet accessibility requirements for each item.

9. Headings and document structure (list the URL for the page that exemplifies this best. HTML line numbers not required) index.html

10. Hyperlinks (choose 2 hyperlink examples that exemplify the principles explained in the reading and give HTML line numbers here) Navigation links which provide a color contrast indication of an active link. index.html line 25-27

11. Bullets or numbered lists (include at least one type of list that is not navigation) index.html line 54-56

12. Color and contrast (indicate which contrast checker tool you used and the results of your final design. Some students zip a screenshot of the contrast checker with this file and upload that) 
--I used https://webaim.org/resources/contrastchecker/ which originally did not 'pass' my initial color choice (which happens to be the color of the business). I ended up making the h1's a darker hue of orange to 'pass' the color checker. 

13. Image alt-text (include at least one image) Company logo in the header , index.html line 18


14. Indicate the URL(s) and starting HTML line number(s) demonstrating your navigation best practices (skip links, landmarks, onfocus styling, correct use of headings): index.html line 16-30

